Ah, the shopkeeper
I didn't expect this Wang Qianju to react so quickly.
I know I'm going to fight a price war
It actually launched a 20% discount.
shopkeeper
We can't compete with Hanhai Restaurant
Now the money in the account is full of 500 taels
Just a month
Hey, don't worry.
What about the money? I'll find a way.
I'm leaving.
You must keep an eye on it during this time, understand?
Hey
Shopkeeper, where are you going?
Huiping County to get money
How are you doing recently? How much silver did you earn?
Hey, you can't guess.
Net income of 2,2002,000 taels
Why so much?
You don't know
Some time ago, several large families in Ping County
directly contract one of our stores.
They eat crayfish.
I made hundreds of taels of silver in a month
Then you just gave me 1,800 taels of silver.
I want to take you away, where are you going?
Something happened to me when I was doing business in Yizhou
In urgent need of silver
boss
Well done, second child
After the business in Yizhou stabilizes?
You will go to Yizhou then. Let's go first.
Lady, I'm back.
Husband, you are back
Mr. Liao, why are you crying?
Can't I see you happy?
You've been gone for so long without a letter
They all told me you were dead
Who told you that?
Just the neighborhood.
One of them told me you made a lot of money
Run away with another woman
Others say you offended someone
I've been seen through, who dares to curse me like that?
I see I'm looking for a lady now, here I come
Open the door!
If you don't open the door, I'm going to break in!
Get out of here and I'll tell you our man is back